I can see your
destiny quite well.
Heed this warning.
Beware, for those blue
eyes shall eventually
take everything from you!
(shocked waking)
After so long...
Why'd I dream that?
(opening theme music)
[Konohamaru] Listen up.
I'll explain the plan.
And it appears that
no one other than you,
and me of course
with my Rinnegan,
seems to have noticed
what occurred back there.
Look, I'm not trying to
scare you or anything.
But what happened to you
back then wasn't normal.
So be on your guard.
If you sense something
strange, then tell me.
You got it?
[Konohamaru] Hey, answer me!
Are you listening, Boruto?
Oh! I'm sorry!
The ones who raided the
bank are ordinary robbers,
but they could have others
in their group. Right?
What's wrong with you?
You're acting so weird.
Are you okay?
Uh, sorry!
It's nothing!
I'm totally fine, you know?
It'll be whatever it's gonna be.
I just gotta
complete my missions
and become an amazing shinobi!
(upbeat music)
That went well!
Robbing a bank is a
cakewalk these days!
Of course!
With this peaceful
time we're living in,
robbers like us have it easy,
and that's a good thing!
Now if we can just
escape, we'll win!
(shocked gasps)
Huh?
What in the heck is that guy?
Just keep on running!
(startled gasps)
No way!
Cha!
(exhales)
Sarada, you aren't dealing
with shinobi, here,
so don't overdo things.
Oh, c'mon, it's too
hard to hold back!
Ugh, damn it!
Wouldn't it be better
if you just surrendered?
Don't underestimate
us, little girl!
Come here!
This blade is completely
coated in deadly poison.
Just one little scratch,
and you'll be a goner!
Boruto?
That really wasn't
like you, Sarada!
Well, no, but that's because...
Damn it!
I'm outta here!
(shocked gasp)
All right!
Everything is going
to plan so far.
Now we just have
to let him escape
and rejoin the
rest of their gang.
[Boruto] You're
not getting away!
No, stop it!
Don't!
Right there!
Rasengan!
Agh!
Boruto, you idiot!
Were you even
listening to the plan?
We weren't supposed
to take him down!
Aw, listen, I'm
really sorry, okay?
I can see that now!
Listen, if you can't even
focus on a C-rank mission,
then we're never gonna
get assigned a B-rank one!
And on top of that,
his gang got away!
-Hm?
I caught one from
the main group.
Well then, thanks to
Konohamaru Sensei,
it appears that we've avoided
failing our C-rank mission.
Seriously!
And also, Sarada's
right, you know!
You have to learn to stay
more focused on your missions.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, I got it.
As far as we can tell,
the Mujina Gang hasn't
been active at all lately.
And none of the other lands
outside the Land of Fire
have reported any more
incidents, either.
It's been months since
Boruto and his team
brought down Tsukiyo.
We think they're being careful
after the death of
their lieutenant.
Hm.
I'm sorry we let you down.
We've been investigating
and mobilized the whole
Leaf Police Force,
but there are no leads.
I know.
The other nations don't
have anything, either.
That's simply who
we're up against.
So you have nothing to
apologize for, ya' know.
Shojoji, the leader
of the Mujina Gang,
can copy the appearance, voice,
and memories of those he kills
with the Corpse Clone Jutsu.
So it's really no wonder
we can't find him.
For now just have
the Police Force
continue to be vigilant.
And thank you for your report.
Yes, sir, I understand.
Now if you'll please excuse me.
The Mujina Gang is trouble.
There's no way that they
won't make a move eventually.
What could they be out
there planning to do?
C'mon!
I know that's important,
but right now you
have to stay focused
on tomorrow's meeting
with the Feudal Lord.
You can just leave
the Mujina Gang
to the rest of us until later.
(chuckle)
Yeah, yeah, okay, I got it.
The Feudal Lord should be
arriving in the village shortly,
isn't that right?
(train whistles)
Lord Ikkyu Madoka.
I bid you a very warm welcome.
I'm honored to be your
escort and bodyguard
during your stay
here, once again.
Ah, I look forward to it,
and thank you very much.
[Tento] Hey, Yamaoka!
Hm?
Make sure you don't
forget my luggage!
And don't you dare put
even a single scratch
on my X Cards collection!
Of course.
I understand, Milord.
No way!
You're Sai the
shinobi, aren't you?
Oh, that's right, the two of
you haven't met before now.
This is my son.
His name is Tento.
Lord Tento.
You're on an X Card, so
I know all about you!
Here, I'll show you right now!
Yamaoka!
Yes, sir, right away.
[Tento] Hurry up!
What are you even doing?
I'll have it out shortly.
Here it is right now.
Look, Papa!
He uses this cool ninjutsu
called the Super Beast Scroll
that allows his
drawings to move around
and even to fight for him!
See? Here it is!
[Sai] Oh!
I didn't know X Cards contained
that kind of information.
I'm so sorry, Tento.
Huh?
I'm afraid that I
have to hurry off
or I'm going to be
late for my meeting.
Yamaoka!
Of course, Milord.
I'm leaving you in
charge of Tento.
Please make sure to take
care of him in my absence.
Very well, Milord; understood.
[Ikkyu] All right, Lord Sai.
Please lead the way.
Pardon.
You sure about this?
Am I sure about what?
No, it's nothing, sir.
Mm.
All right, Yamaoka.
What is it, Milord?
Go and check how many boxes
of X Cards this shop has.
Yes, certainly, Milord.
I'll return in just a moment.
I heard this was a nice city,
so I couldn't wait to see it.
But it's so disorganized
and crowded, too!
What a disappointment.
I'm sorry to keep
you waiting, Milord.
I'm afraid that product
is very popular,
so the shop only has 10
boxes remaining in stock.
That isn't very much!
But I guess that's to be
expected in a Shinobi Village.
All right.
I'll just buy up every X Card
in the entire Leaf
Village, then.
[Boruto] I'll take
one of these, Aunty!
All righty!
Here I go!
Come on, now!
Please, let me get a rare card!
Pretty please!
[Shikadai] Awesome!
A Seventh Hokage card!
-Wow!
-Lord Hokage!
Whoa, it's a super
special rare card!
How lucky!
Damn it!
Missed again!
(laughter)
Come on, stop!
-Quit laughing!
-Everyone wants that
super special rare card.
But to you, it's
not the right one?
Aw man!
And I was so excited
when I was opening it!
Here, you can have it, Iwabe.
No use having a buncha these!
(elated laughter)
All right!
I've been looking all over
the place for this one.
Damn it!
I didn't want to
spend anymore today,
but it can't be helped!
I mean, I can't let
it end like this!
Man, they really can be
unbelievably stupid sometimes.
They don't even know what
cards they're gonna get,
but they keep
wasting their money.
I know, right?
What's so fun about that?
But does it really matter
as long as they're
still having fun?
No, I guess it doesn't.
Aren't you gonna buy
some X Cards, Mitsuki?
No, I won't.
I don't want to
waste all my money.
That is just so like you!
Yeah, you're so reliable!
Okay, one more pack of X Cards!
Thanks, again!
Boy, you're really are
into X Cards, aren't you?
How many packs have
you bought, anyway?
Look, there's a super rare
card I'm trying to find.
I'll show you when
I finally get it.
Even if you don't tell us,
I'm pretty sure we
have a good idea
of which one you want.
Huh? Are you kidding me?
(sigh)
That's it, I'm done with this.
I'm hungry.
I'm gonna get myself
a Thunder Burger.
Okay!
I wanna go get a burger, too!
Hey, Sarada, let's go!
[Sarada] Okay!
[Mitsuki] Me, too.
[Cho-Cho] Come on, let's go!
Do you guys think that Boruto
is just gonna end up spending
all of his mission
earnings on X Cards?
Seems like it!
He's really dedicated!
(chuckling)
And because of that, I
get to profit off it!
Hey, Yamaoka!
What is it, Milord?
Go and ask them how
many boxes of X Cards
they have in here.
Of course, as you wish.
Pardon me, but how
many boxes of X Cards
do you have for sale here
in your establishment?
Please, hold on for a second.
Milord, it seems this shop
just received a shipment
and has 30 boxes
in stock right now.
All right, Yamaoka.
Buy up every X Card they've got!
-(shocked gasps)
-As you wish.
We'd like to purchase all
30 boxes that you have,
and we'll pay with this card.
(excited shriek)
No way. Who is he?
He's buying them all?
Is he for real?
Is he some rich guy's
kid or something?
(shocked gasp)
Wow, no way!
How awesome!
A rare Seventh Hokage card!
It's the last one I need!
If I get it, I'll complete
my X Card collection!
Yeah, so what are
you getting at?
Listen, I simply have to
have that X Card for myself!
So come on!
Sell it to me!
Huh?
How much do you want? I'll
pay you really well for it!
What are you even talking about?
Oh, come on, now!
Genin pay is quite
low, isn't it?
Listen, kid.
I wouldn't sell
you my Hokage card
no matter how much you offer me!
What? Why not?
Because I want to
become a great ninja
just like Lord Hokage is.
Just forget it, kid.
I'm never giving this card up,
no matter how much
money you offer me.
Oh, give me a break, would you?
Don't act so tough!
Come on, don't you
want some more money?
Didn't you hear
what I just said?
What's your deal anyway?
Iwabe.
Listen.
Why don't we just
forget about him
and go to Ankorodo
for some dumplings?
Huh?
Yeah, good idea!
Let's hurry.
We'll see for just how long
you can keep up this
little act of yours.
[Male Shop Clerk] Welcome!
Hey, it's that kid!
The one from earlier!
Why are you here?
You guys are too late!
I'm really sorry,
but I've already bought up
every single dumpling that
they had in this shop.
Yamaoka.
Yes! Right away, Milord!
We'll use this card to pay.
But that's the most
exclusive credit card
that only the wealthiest
of the wealthy can get!
I've never even seen one before!
Just what do you think
you're trying to do, huh?
I don't know what you mean!
But if you agree
to let me have that
rare Seventh Hokage
card of yours,
then I'll give you a
lifetime supply of dumplings.
I told you I'm
not gonna sell it!
Let's go, guys!
[Shikadai] Uh hey!
Wait up!
You can't escape me.
Oh, well, uh...
I'm very happy that you
visited us, but, uh...
Uh, one snack burger, please.
I'll have the same thing.
I'll have--
Uh, no, you see, I'm
very sorry, but--
[All] Huh?
[Tento] Hi!
It's no use ordering anything.
Because I've already purchased
every single burger
in this restaurant!
Ugh, not you again!
Don't you have any more
ingredients in the back?
Can you make some more burgers?
I'm very sorry!
You just don't get it, do you?
Huh? Get what?
I actually just purchased
this entire place!
This whole restaurant
is all mine now.
Forget burgers.
I might just turn this into
a whole other kind of shop!
The entire place?
You've gotta be kidding!
We won't be able to eat
burgers here anymore?
Well if you wanna continue
being able to eat burgers...
You already know what
I'm gonna say, don't you?
Still, I can't!
Who would have
thought a lowly genin
who isn't even on an X
Card would be so stubborn!
Come on, now.
Just give up already!
What did you just say to me?
That's it, I'm done!
I'm gonna shut you up for good!
Just forget about all this.
[Shikadai] You
were already here?
(stunned gasp)
Listen, he needs to get
some sense knocked into him!
Hey, c'mon!
Just calm down, Iwabe!
Hmm.
Of course.
Commoners always tend
to resort to violence.
How horribly barbaric!
I gotta say, you're
acting so damn proud,
but only because you're rich.
Well, no, I'm not
especially proud of it.
In life, victory is just decided
by the hand that one
is dealt, that's all.
And the cards that
I have in my hand
are simply different from
what you lowly commoners have.
Just like with X Cards!
It's not just about
the cards you have.
It's also how you play
them and battle with them.
I mean, isn't that actually
the fun part about it?
Although I guess I
don't really know
what your strongest
card might be.
Well, the strongest card
that I have is this one!
If that's the case,
then no one's gonna give you
the time of day, you know?
Big talk from someone
who hasn't even made
it onto an X Card!
And that's the reason why.
Huh?
What do you mean?
I'm gonna become such
an incredible shinobi
that the guys who make the
X Cards are gonna come to me
and beg me to let them
put me onto a card!
Huh?
And I'm gonna going to
be such an amazing card
that even your strongest card
won't be able to beat defeat me!
I'm totally gonna shock my dad.
Huh?
Oh, and by the way, I have
five Seventh Hokage cards.
Huh?
But I'm not gonna
give you even one!
You can go and buy up
all the X Cards you want.
Hey, Boruto!
You're really gonna leave?
Boruto?
Well, I can't help it if
he bought the whole place.
Let's just go.
Oh, man.
It's just so boring in here!
Huh?
It seems this restaurant
is a special place
for you commoners,
so I'll just pretend
as if I didn't buy it.
All right, come on, Yamaoka.
Let's head out.
Oh. Yes, Milord.
What was that all about, anyway?
I dunno.
The only thing we really
found out about him
is that he's super rich.
I don't wanna see him again,
no matter who he might be,
Yeah, that's for sure.
Well, let's hope!
Wow, so that was Boruto Uzumaki?
I just met the son of Naruto
Uzumaki, the Seventh Hokage.
I just got my hands on
some very good info!
(Boruto yawns)
Aw man, getting called in
this early in the morning.
This better be for a
B-rank mission or else!
Well, Big Bro Konohamaru?
What'd you want to see me about?
No way! You?
Hey, Boruto.
I understand you met
this person yesterday.
Huh? Yeah, but...
I didn't really wanna
ever see him again,
-to tell you the truth--
-This is the son of Ikkyu Madoka
the Feudal Lord of
the Land of Fire,
Lord Tento Madoka.
Huh?
The Feudal Lord?
Hey, so thank you for yesterday!
Now, then, Boruto Uzumaki,
please feel free
to call me Tento!
Uh, okay.
Those clothes of
yours are so shabby
that when I first
met you yesterday,
I had no idea you were
the Seventh Hokage's son.
(chuckle)
Why you little!
But still, as long
as you work hard,
I guess I won't have
anything to complain about.
You're competent, right?
Big Bro, what exactly
is going on here?
This is a mission
for you, Boruto.
For the next few days,
you're gonna be Young Lord
Tento's bodyguard and escort.
What are you talking about?
Why do I have to do it?
Why can't Sarada or
Mitsuki handle this?
I mean, I've already got
a really strong feeling
I'm not gonna get
along with him!
Aw, come on, don't say that.
And besides, the Feudal
Lord, Ikkyu Madoka,
has requested you
personally for this job.
Hmm.
Listen, Boruto, it's
a good opportunity.
So, come on, show
me how the commoners
live in this village,
I'm already starting to get
really excited about it!
Look, I may have
stopped Iwabe yesterday,
but his bodyguard?
No way!
I wanna slug him, not guard him!
Well, it'll be a
good lesson for you
to experience such
hardship, too, Boruto.
(laughter)
I'm looking forward
to it, Boruto!
(sigh)
Seriously?
Looks like the meeting
with the Feudal Lord
is happening today as scheduled.
We had some unexpected
interference, but whatever.
Let's notify the Boss.
Finally, time for the Mujina
Gang to make our move!
(closing theme music)
Hey, Boruto!
Will you teach me ninjutsu?
In exchange, I'll give you
that rare card you really want!
No, thanks!
I'm the type of guy
who gets what he wants
by using his own strengths,
no matter how hard it might be!
[Tento] Aww, c'mon!
Teach me ninjutsu!
[Boruto] Okay, fine!
But training's
gonna be super hard!
Next time on Boruto Naruto
Next Generations: "Friends!"
All right!
It's time to be really
hard on this kid
and knock that attitude
right outta him!
(closing theme music)